Okay 7 old gentleman
I, Zhang Shoucheng, am not a stingy person.
Since Qin Yu is so invited
Then let's go together. It's great to defend the city
You don't have to leave.
Brother Shoucheng
I almost cried when you said you were leaving just now
You let go
What do you two talk like?
Namiren birthday banquet
Just sit back and wait for Mr. Zhuang
Lin Shao doesn't know what he's been busy with recently
Didn't even have time to see me
I don't even give pocket money
Don't worry, sister.
Let's sneak into this birthday party
Isn't it just to have a sense of existence in front of Young Master Qin?
Wait for Qin Shao to fall in love with you again?
We can get rich, of course
You know my body
Which man does it look like I don't like it?
Oh, this Qin family is the richest man in Jiang Shen
Mr. Shou is looking forward to
Ouch.
Isn't this the waste of working on the construction site?
You deserve to come to a place like this with your status?
Lin Lin Lin Zhi
I can't believe you're here
My sister is a former
Qin Shao's good friend
It makes sense to come to this banquet hall
It's you, what are you?
Also this high-class banquet in the future
Could it be that I don't have the ability to eat soft rice?
Come here again to see the world